README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <img src="docs/images/Logo.svg" width="200" alt="Nest Logo" />
</p>

  <p align="center">A backend for a capstone project in requirements for TVL-ICT.<br>
  Made with love, uses <a href="http://nestjs.com" target="_blank">Nest.js</a> framework and <a href="https://mongodb.com/" target="_blank">MongoDB</a> to create this wonderful backend. </p>

## Description

[Nest](https://github.com/nestjs/nest) framework TypeScript starter repository.

## Installation

```bash
$ pnpm install
```

## Running the app

```bash
# development
$ pnpm run start

# watch mode
$ pnpm run dev

# production mode
$ pnpm run prod
```

## Test

```bash
# unit tests
$ pnpm run test

# e2e tests
$ pnpm run e2e

# test coverage
$ pnpm run cov
```

## Stay in touch

- Lead Developer/ Leader - [Jarelle Emmanuel Payad Andulan](mailto:jarelle.andulan@olivarezcollegetagaytay.edu.ph)
- Co-Leader/Head of Theoretics - [Mackenzie Elaine Tito](mailto:elaine.tito@olivarezcollegetagaytay.edu.ph)


## License

This project is [MIT licensed](LICENSE).

Commit message:

[alot] tons of additions, such as new resources, licenses, etc. too tired to list them one by one

README.md, after:

> [!WARNING]
> The current version of this system is experimental.
> Stability of the system is not guaranteed.
<p align="center">
  <img src="docs/images/Logo.svg" width="200" alt="Nest Logo" />
</p>
<p align="center">
A Web-based Grading Application PlaformWeb-Based Report Card System for Students and Faculty Members
</p>

## Research Introduction
The online grading system is a crucial and modern tool for viewing students' grades in my schools and universities. The Web Based Report Card System simplifies the process of maintaining and accessing academic records for both teachers and students offering a solution. Students no longer need to go through steps like submitting requests, waiting in queues, or dealing with other hassle tasks as they can easily check their grades online whenever they want. Student portal services provide users with easy access to the information and resources needed for their studies (Hussain et al., 2018). Acting as a tool, the portal improves communication between students and their teachers about grades and streamlines tasks. It significantly reduces paperwork by allowing input of grades into the system and automating digital versions of Report Card or Form 138.

Traditional grading systems have always been a hassle for both students and teachers when it comes to processing grades. When records management is paper based, it becomes difficult for students and faculty staff to make record requests or process them in a timely manner (Scribbles, 2022). Outdated methods create stress for students as they face difficulties that could impact application deadlines or other urgent matters. Manually maintaining grade records is a process, prone to mistakes and inefficient adding complexity to the academic journey.

The online report card system streamlines the grading process reducing mistakes enhancing precision and speeding up grade distribution. It eliminates the frustration of students who require access to records. The shift to an automated system has helped faculty and administrative personnel devote more time to important educational activities rather than getting bogged down with processing grades and related work (Clarin, 2020). Additionally, the platform enables students to request copies of their grades in an organized way, which is beneficial for those applying to schools or needing records for official purposes. Through the digitization and automation of these services the portal ensures grading practices are consistent and transparent.

## Project Description
This project consists of the backend of the system, proccessing, recieving, outputs, and validates data for it to be stored at the respected storage containers.

Built with [Nest](https://github.com/nestjs/nest) as the Backend Framework and [MongoDB](https://mongodb.com) as the main database and [AWS Simple Storage Service](https://aws.amazon.com/s3/) for media storage (eg. images, PDFs, Spreadsheets, etc.)

## Installation

```bash
$ pnpm install
```

## Running the app

```bash
# development
$ pnpm run start

# watch mode
$ pnpm run dev

# production mode
$ pnpm run prod
```

## Test

```bash
# unit tests
$ pnpm run test

# e2e tests
$ pnpm run e2e

# test coverage
$ pnpm run cov
```

## Stay in touch

- Lead Developer/Research Leader - [Jarelle Emmanuel Payad Andulan](mailto:jarelle.andulan@olivarezcollegetagaytay.edu.ph)
- Reasearch Co-Leader/Head of Theoretics - [Mackenzie Elaine Tito](mailto:elaine.tito@olivarezcollegetagaytay.edu.ph)

## License

This project is licensed under the [GNU General Public License 3 (GPL-3.0)](LICENSE).
